Typo in CONTRIBUTING.md (#8391)
smogon/pokemon-showdown: CONTRIBUTING.md

Also useful is the Mechanics Bugs kanban board: https://github.com/smogon/pokemon-showdown/projects/3

> There's no need to worry about code standards too much (unit tests will automatically catch most of what we care about, we'll point out the rest if you make a pull request), but they are here if you want them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's no need to worry about code standards too much (unit tests will automatically catch most of what we care about, we'll point out the rest if you make a pull request), but they're here if you want them.
```

I think "they're" flows better here.
